but how did you organise those tapestries?
We had a general, there was a little working,
there was a little group of us who were sort of planning it.
We had an artist who lived at Broad Oak at the time,
Mary Strong, she was a brilliant artist.
And so we said, you know, let's do some,
cause I got some ideas and we needed everybody's input
to make it happen.
So we held an open event and just invited everybody
to come along who was interested.
And there was a lot of interest and we,
we probably had two or three of these.
One was sort of like the brainstorming session,
what sort of things should we put in, should we include?
And then we went away and did some sketches.
Jake did a lot of the sort of sketches as well.
Cause what we thought we needed to do was
put little packs together where people could just choose
what they wanted to do.
And it was open to everybody.
It wasn't dependent upon you being brilliant
with a needle and thread.
It was just, we wanted everybody to,
who wanted to get involved to be,
have an opportunity to be involved.
So we put together the drawing, the fabrics,
because of course we've got this colour scheme going on
as well, which was seasonal.
And put more little packs.
And we did the first one and the last one, I think, first.
So we did the one with the monks
and the one with the village green.
And, you know, had an event in the village hall.
People would just, and I put,
I kind of tried to do a sketch of how I imagined
it would look, the size of it,
and then these sort of pictures on them.
So people just took, started taking them away.
And then they started coming back in.
Hugely exciting and, you know, beautiful pieces of work.
A lot of effort had been put in to,
people who hadn't got as much skill,
put as much time and effort into it.
And so they started to take shape.
And then we'd be meeting in the hall,
in Victoria's kitchen.
We'd be, the slight core of us,
there must have been, I don't know,
about seven or eight, nine of us, maybe.
We'd be meeting every Tuesday evening in Victoria's kitchen.
It's a good excuse to have a nice glass of wine
and a chat, actually.
I don't think we did that.
I don't think we did much by way of sewing,
but we were just having a nice little get together.
And that must have gone on for about two years,
I should think, because we got,
we got some help to sew it all together.
I think Val helped us to actually sew it all together.
Sew all the pieces together.
And the bits that were joining them,
we had ribbons and we had some lovely velvet ribbon.
It was really difficult to find ribbon the right width,
because I designed it to have this,
I think it was three inch ribbon,
not actually knowing that you couldn't get it anywhere.
You couldn't get ribbon that was three inches wide
for love nor money.
But while all this was going on,
I think we must have done a little press release
and somebody came to us,
I think it was the Prince's Trust came to us and said,
oh, I saw in the paper that you're doing this.
We'd like to, do you need any financial support?
I said, well, actually it would be really handy
to be able to buy some ribbon once we can find it
and maybe get it framed and pay a,
we needed help with various things anyway.
So we then had a little bit of money.
So I put this bit together to apply
and receive some money back.
And then found eventually after a lot of searching,
ribbon of the right size.
And it was velvet ribbon, it was beautiful ribbon,
but it was really expensive,
far more than I'd anticipated in my little sort of like
calculations on the back of the fact packet type thing.
So I went back to the Prince's Trust and said,
actually this ribbon is a lot more expensive
than we budgeted for because we didn't realize
we couldn't find ribbon of the right size,
you know, in the local shop.
So we had to order it and bless them.
They said, oh, that's fine.
We can accommodate that.
So we managed to get the ribbon that we wanted bought.
And if you go and see them, the colors
and the style of the ribbon is just absolutely beautiful.
And we only bought as much as we needed
because we haven't got any, because it was so expensive.
Anyway, so that came, it was a company called VV Rulo.
I remember it vividly because Victoria found it
in one of her interior design magazines.
She, in all the adverts in the back of these sort of
magazine sheets, she found this ribbon company.
Cause of course we didn't have the internet in those days.
It wasn't any way like that.
We were pouring over the yellow pages
trying to find, you know, ribbon.
Anyway, so we got it from this shop,
VV Rulo based down in London.
Got this beautiful ribbon.
And we got it framed by somebody,
a little framer in Kidderminster.
Cause Jake and I were living in the week
in Kidderminster at the time.
So I'd be going backwards and forwards.
On a Wednesday morning, I'd go after the,
cause I wasn't going to give up the Tuesday nights
in Victoria's kitchen.
So we got this little framer who lived a bit further
along the road from where we were living
to frame these wall hangings.
And we did two first and then we did another two.
So when we did two, we put them up and we had a party
because we were still fundraising.
We did a lot of fundraising ourselves to pay for
these events and the wall hangings in particular.
But we're also raising money for the big party,
New Year's Eve.
So we had cake sales.
I remember standing, selling cakes and pittled onions
and various things outside the station on Good Friday
in Landerendod.
And we got quite a lot, cause somebody in Boots,
somebody who worked in Boots said,
actually the busiest day for us in Boots is Good Friday.
So we thought that is what supplies.
So we thought, well, a Good Friday is the day to,
you know, have a cake sale.
And isn't it, if that's the busiest day in Landerendod.
So we did that and we did various fundraising events
in the village hall.
We had a line dancing night, which was hilariously good fun.
A line dancing night, which was to show off the two
wall hangings that we'd done and to raise a bit of money
to pay for the next two and to pay for all these other
events that we'd got lined up, including the village green.
So it was a very busy time, the lead up to millennium
and a few years after that, because we hadn't finished
the wall hangings by the time of the,
I think we finished them in 2001.
So it's kind of carried on.
And I can't remember if we finished the,
I think we were still doing the village green,
doing some planting and, you know, making it,
finishing it off in the years after the millennium.
But that was a really busy time period and really sort of
good community sort of spirit going on at that time.
And of course we've got those beautiful wall hangings
to show for and a beautiful village green,
which is cared for now by the community council.